Helm services (#97)
epinio/docs: src/references/services.md

# Services

Most real world applications work together with other services to store data, logs, to exchange messages with other systems etc.
The most common example is probably a database. There are at least 2 ways to connect an Epinio application to a service.
The first one is to provision the service manually and [create an Epinio Configuration](configurations.md) to make the service connection details
available to the application.

The second one lets Epinio provision the service which you can later bind to your application with the `epinio service bind` command. This page explains how this works.

> Services in Epinio are managed by the [epinio service](cli/epinio_service.md) commands.

Reviewer: I got 404 here, I think you forgot to add the link into the SUMMARY.

Reviewer: You can add this in the SUMMARY just under the configurations part:

```
      - [epinio_service](references/cli/epinio_service.md)

        - [epinio_service_bind](references/cli/epinio_service_bind.md)
        - [epinio_service_catalog](references/cli/epinio_service_catalog.md)
        - [epinio_service_create](references/cli/epinio_service_create.md)
        - [epinio_service_delete](references/cli/epinio_service_delete.md)
        - [epinio_service_list](references/cli/epinio_service_list.md)
        - [epinio_service_show](references/cli/epinio_service_show.md)
```

Author: Right! Fixed in d783815

- Push a sample app:

  ```
  $ epinio app push -n sample --container-image-url splatform/sample-app
  ```

- [Optional] List catalog services:

  ```
  $ epinio service catalog
  ```

- Provision an in-cluster database:

  ```
  $ epinio service create mysql-dev mydb
  ```

- Wait until it's ready (status should be "deployed"):

  ```
  $ epinio service show mydb
  ```

- Bind the database secrets to the application:

  ```
  $ epinio service bind mydb sample
  ```

- Check that the database secrets are available to the application:

  ```
  $ epinio app exec sample

  🚢  Executing a shell
  Namespace: workspace
  Application: sample
  cnb@sample-7bc756989-tjvt9:/$ cat /configurations/workspace-mydb-mysql/
  ...
  cnb@sample-7bc756989-tjvt9:/$ exit
  ```

At this point, it's up to the application to make use of that secret. The helm chart that is used for this example, doesn't write the hostname of the database in the generated secret. That's because the Helm chart wasn't created specifically for Epinio. To figure out the hostname in this case, requires some knowledge on [how Kubernetes DNS works](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/dns-pod-service/).

> In this case it is: `workspace-mydb-mysql.workspace.svc.cluster.local`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For the example above, the hostname is: `workspace-mydb-mysql.workspace.svc.cluster.local`.
```

> When you are done with this example you can delete all generated resources:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you are done with this example, you can delete all generated resources with the following commands:
```
